It was a wet night in OTVille. Niubi, Elishia, and Cesarcurado guarded OTVille every day. Once everyone woke up and did their daily things, they noticed something strange. The guards were gone. Everyone ran in fear that someone could easily invade OTVille, but some people knew what was going on. The wise Gevock rose to the Town Hall’s speaker and strongly said, “Listen up, faggots. I know what’s going on here. Its been 3 years since someone has done this, but it usually ends up in them being fired. They weren’t kidnapped, they weren’t killed, or held up hostage. They are having a threesome.”
 
And indeed Gevock was right. The three guards found a shack to “do it” in. All of the gaurds were really uncomfortable in their heavy Soviet clothes. Since Niubi and Elishia forgot to pack their bras, they decided to not take it off. Cesar looked at Niubi’s boobs and said "Take it off, Elishia, and said, “you too, bitch.” Elishia and Niubi slowly took off their clothes and revealed their perky teenage boobs, a bit wet and hard. Cesar took off his pants and told them to “suck it.” Niubi, looking shy, bent over and looked at Cesars dick. It was hard and wet, and twitched occasionally. She thought: (it looked like a rocket ship of some sort! Eww! But, it does look kinda yummy…) She slowly inserted her mouth on his cock. Cesar put his hands on his hips and yelled “Elishia! My balls, please!” Cesar then started to push Niubi’s head, and she started choking. Elishia got under Niubi’s head and started fondling hsi balls and sucking on it. Cesar started getting excited and suddenly orgasmed right in Niubi’s mouth! She grunted and moaned, wanting it to be over. Cesar pushed Niubi’s head out of his dick, and she lay on the ground, tired and abused. Elishia was forced to suck Cesar’s cock, now covered with cum and saliva. He pushed her head so hard, she started choking spit. Cesar rejoiced, yelling “Yes! Thats the fucking spot! Now, its my turn!” Cesar got a towel and wiped off his cock and got Niubi. He inserted his cock into her asshole and thrusted. Niubi started grunting and moaning, yelling “Fuck me! Yea!” and other slutty remarks. But, cesar heard something. Like a rustling of leaves and started smelling smoke. Cesar knew what was happening. He yelled, “Put on your pants! They’re coming!” Cesar got on his pants, then Niubi and Elishia slowly afterwards. They all grabbed their knapsack and started running away from OTVille, never to be seen again…
 
Or were they seen again?
 
To Be Continued!
